c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\View\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\View\WindowNote.g.cs
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\View\WindowPassword.g.cs
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\View\WindowAddNote.g.cs
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\View\App.g.cs
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\View\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\View\WindowNote.baml
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\View\WindowPassword.baml
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\View\WindowAddNote.baml
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\bin\Release\DataKeeperBeta.exe.config
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\bin\Release\DataKeeperBeta.exe.manifest
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\bin\Release\DataKeeperBeta.application
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\bin\Release\DataKeeperBeta.exe
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\bin\Release\DataKeeperBeta.pdb
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.g.resources
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.exe.manifest
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.application
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.exe
c:\Users\SeriousAnimation\Desktop\0 C#\PRACTICE\DataKeeper\FrontKeeper\obj\Release\DataKeeperBeta.pdb
